In this preview, I am showing the audience my basic idea for my visual argument. In this argument, I am trying to depict the late Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg as Lady Liberty. The intention is to portray her as a champion of woman’s rights, and a larger than life presence. The statue of liberty will be dressed in Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s black robe, white collar, and glasses. All of these things are iconic to RBG’s image. In her left hand, in place of the torch that Lady Liberty holds will be a hand holding up a stack of books. Each book in this stack will read a different name of Supreme Court cases that RBG was influential in and that were great milestones for women’s rights. In her right hand, in place of the book that says July 4th 1776 will be a different book, which will either list her death date (September 18th 2020, in roman numerals like the original) or the first few words of RBG’s final words: “My most fervent wish”. Her wish was that her replacement is not made until the next president is in office, which is at the core of my argument. Coming from the right side is a wrecking ball, with the letters ACB. These letters and the wrecking ball symbolize the nomination of Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court. It is meant to indicate that Amy Coney Barrett is a destructive force to everything that Ruth Bader Ginsburg stood for and many rights that she fought tooth and nail for in the face of adversity. If I decide not to make the wrecking ball say AOC, it will say something else related to Trump and/or his administration. At the base of the RBG/Lady Liberty statue will be the words “Ladies’ Liberty”. This is supposed to indicate RBG’s impact on women’s rights. I am considering putting those words on a gravestone in the corner, saying “Here lies Ladies’ Liberty”. The overall point is that Amy Coney Barrett’s nomination to the Supreme Court would lead to a devastating blow for women’s rights and undo so much of the work RBG dedicated her life to.
